Label tag helper: override the default caption (#24812)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/working-with-forms.md

<label for="Email">Email Address</label>
```

> The Label Tag Helper generated the `for` attribute value of "Email", which is the ID associated with the `<input>` element. The Tag Helpers generate consistent `id` and `for` elements so they can be correctly associated. The caption in this sample comes from the `Display` attribute. If the model didn't contain a `Display` attribute, the caption would be the property name of the expression.  In order to override the default caption, put your custom caption inside the label tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Label Tag Helper generated the `for` attribute value of "Email", which is the ID associated with the `<input>` element. The Tag Helpers generate consistent `id` and `for` elements so they can be correctly associated. The caption in this sample comes from the `Display` attribute. If the model didn't contain a `Display` attribute, the caption would be the property name of the expression.  To override the default caption, add a caption inside the label tag.
```
